you guys what are you doing tomorrow
night oh well let me see
I believe I'm yes falling asleep in
front of the TV but my agent hooked me
up with six tickets to a great play that
could fall asleep in a play what is it
it's a one-woman play called why don't
you like me a bitter woman's journey
through life sounds interesting
yeah that does sound interesting I mean
listen to a woman complained for two
hours I don't think it gets better I
know I know we can drive we can vote we
can work what more of these broads won
well you guys gonna have a great time I
promise what how come you don't have to
go oh I wish I could but I just found
out that I have to be at work really
early the next day so I can't go but you
know take the extra ticket and invite
whoever you want oh let's see who do I
hate oh sorry
[Laughter]
can I ask you a question do you think
it's possible for two friends to fool
around and and not have it be a big deal
no I don't think that ever works why no
reason oh yeah who do you want to fool
around with nobody forget it okay
seriously I did not understand a word
you just said
and aha
you want to fool around with Joey yeah
you know what ever since I had that
dream about him I can't get it out of my
head I mean what's the big deal people
do it all the time who who do you know
that her friends that just fool around
okay off the top of my head
Donna Janet yeah who are they I I know
them from work both of them know one of
them which one I don't know what were
the names I just said Rachel things
could get incredibly complicated all
right all right all right you're right I
won't do anything with Joey I just
thought it would be ok so that's 2 cups
of tarragon one pound of baking soda and
one red onion what the hell are you
cooking
[Music]
hi Joey it's Jan Rogers can't wait for
your party tonight listen I forgot your
address can you give me a call thanks
bye hey hey yeah it's a real shame you
can't make it to that one-woman show
tonight oh I'd love to but I got to get
up so early the next day you know you
know me work comes first oh yeah hmm hi
Joey it's Jan Rogers can't wait for your
party too Jan Rogers
you are having a party tonight kind of
having a thing for the days of our lives
people and you weren't gonna tell us how
did you think you were gonna get away
with that I do it every year every year
I didn't have to tell you that stop it
of the Jan Rogers
that's why you got his tickets to that
play to get rid of us
yeah and last year is that why you sent
us to that medieval times restaurant
yeah when you set up that nighttime tour
of that bus factory I can't believe you
guys went for that way would you invite
us to your parties well you are fine
okay but everyone else acts like an
idiot around famous people well then so
just invite me please I was trying to be
nice you're the worst one please please
let me come I will behave I promise I
will behave please okay okay okay fine
you can calm but don't tell anybody else
it's up on the roof at 8:00
and Atari system
you